So are you having trouble understanding
me? There's two possible reasons why that
might happen.
Firstly I'm a geek, and geeks talk
fast about technology because we're
excited, in this case with, programming.
But secondly, the other reason is because
I'm an Aussie, compared to a US or
UK English, you might find the Aussie accent, well it does, the reality is it sounds a little bit different.
Now the good news is that most students quickly get used to
my voice and to my accent, and understand
it easily after a video or two,
but there are subtitles available if you
need them, and they can really help.
Now the subtitles are hand edited, not machine
generated, in this course, and that means
that they make a lot more sense than most
subtitles that perhaps you've seen in
other courses on udemy.  So here's
how to turn on the subtitles.
You come down here, click, basically click and select
English and you're done. It's that easy, and from
that point on, English subtitles will
actually be shown on the screen.
Now keep in mind that only English subtitles are
hand edit unfortunately, and that's because
it's incredibly expensive to get
subtitles hand edited in other languages.
So non-English subtitles are machine
generated, and the English ones,
well they're the ones that have been
hand edited and not machine generated
and available for you.
Alright so that's it for this video.
Let's move on now to the next one.